good people, uv varnish just to give some
Scraps there for you and fast me, huh?
first I 'm walking for me to
share these days because I stayed
sick then I could not record myself
I even managed to record but I recorded when
I heard it was very scrotal manuscript
So I decided not to post on youtube, right?
the second thing came out star wars on the channel
I think a lot of people did not see I do not know if
did not see why he did not want or simply
google youtube
but if you like falling today did not see
will have a link yet the description for
you are seeing was well show even
That video is not
so this is personal if you want more
image here on keila channel que marujo
then the return of pecs modes
so this is it stay there with the hiv
river, folks you all right here
igor co2 welcome to one more in
online channel millions everyone here to
You, but the toy moves this pack.
same person after a long time
returning here with 11 pec victim
here for you, right?
first of all it leaves this range
practice in the goal and is
releasing this mold bank that is fine is
little anyway is a good game like
crazy sword or cast of crash
that has a safe is a voice the word at last
Do you do something cheerful?
good here we are in version 1 7 point
leaving the cref Mainz's life short
an estimate that focused more on the
im more than industrial and ok
then yes I already have a fps 7 of the line already
have a map
ok if you can show it to you
here and here is the fps and here the
map né
what here with us takes an item
shows under pan ps here for you
see look only a block of grain to see
if I can get another foot there, and it shows
not only shows that's what I get a
armor will also show if not me
There is a mistake here, show below.
durability of the amateur ok said is more
geared more to the industrial area to it
there's really enough then koff
For the most fashionable day's business , huh?
there is a very good hatred that you like
this kind of good mode tempts me useful tij
I do not know how to say this so
never that it is a law that has several
block variations right
we also have here the fans mold're me
Here put a slight little plane
only receives 15 light
need to have fuel already
so I do not know the size of this
disgrace my look that divulged but
finally there are several other things that
here's a crazy grenade
to opec other things through the six see
Good, I'm never going to get you some things.
here this money explodes obviously is just
which took seven hours but exploded
This one
do not just come in and the
Good my, but there are some tanks too.
Look what cars and this gun is.
here and several other anti-tank weapons
also a mechanism looks only
mechanism and the mechanism is here
okay
I saw the one who had started the series
iii you wanted to have all the ways the
mechanism but had not only had one
base then you have all the
Manners there is only here
all that is the mechanism that you
saw in that server the revolution of the
trf that here is here is just for the
jetpack that thing also has only
here o
eita hey loco abreu that gave start
here but finally in all other things
that left I think the mill here
mill here ne
You saw it looks just really crazy.
so have all these ways are smart
besides all the basic modes, do not
black pack in the sky craft good performance
natives or new furnaces here is also
What I would do is installed here is like
always really good
This show is another goat and one
crucial issue of showing how
stay there is nothing much
not only has that person here biocraft and
these things in the library are strong
This is also true of baby's craft etc
have a computer mode is also the
banner bell né heber that speaks do not know
that should be putting things in it
so do not
and he packs everything together, you can do it
several items is younger said it was
a great result for the industry is how
I already said it is a bit too a bit
lighter than others né mode pecs
industrial applications are lighter than
adventure because they usually become
furniture etc.
but anyway if you want new modes of
feet here on the brazilian channel for venturi
a crazy mix new versions of 1,817
burned because so I do not know that
You want this series to be
keep it good beauty, I had to
Talk to you, I hope you
like
Then maybe I 'll stay open, it's going to be
lynched by the fly and over there
There you only know the second one that goes
take you there promised fire or macaé
I do not have it but anyway this is it if you
liked the one that the favorite but did not
inscribed in the channel if you have not
registered
Thank you to help out here one
A big hug and see you next time.
said and went